[KOGITO-8908] Documenting sysout arguments and log level (#321)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/custom-functions-support.adoc

[[con-func-sysout]]
== Sysout custom function

You can use the `sysout` function for logging as shown in the following example:

.Example of `sysout` function definition
[source,json]
----
{
  "functions": [
    {
      "name": "logInfo",
      "type": "custom",
      "operation": "sysout:INFO"
    }
  ]
}
----

> The string after the : is optional and is used to indicate the log level. Possible values are TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARN and ERROR. If not present, INFO is assumed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string after the `:` is optional and is used to indicate the log level.  The possible values are TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARN, and ERROR. If not present, INFO is considered by default. 
```

  ]
}
----

> `message` argument can be an jq expression or a jq string using interpolation, as in the example above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`message` argument can be a jq expression or a jq string using interpolation, as in the example above
```
